Update project-resource-quotas.md (#2031)
BCDevOps/developer-experience: docs/resourceTuning/project-resource-quotas.md

> All project sets in the new OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) 4 Platform are provisioned by default with a set of resource quotas that include a certain amout of CPU, RAM and Storage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All new project sets in the OpenShift Container Platform (OCP) 4 Platform provisioned after Dec 14, 2021 will have the following default resource quotas that include a certain amout of CPU, RAM and Storage:
```

**CPU/RAM/Storage resource quotas (per namespace by defauly on create)**:
  CPU: 0.5 cores as request, 1.5 cores as limit <br/>
  RAM: 2GBs as request, 4GBs as limit<br/>
  60 PVC count , 1Gbs overall storage with 521 MBs for backup storage and 5 snapshot<br/>

> **If your app is fount not using all resources within the current quota, you will be approached by the Platform Services Team to discuss the downgrade to a smaller quota size.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If your app is found not to be using all resources within the current quota, you will be approached by the Platform Services Team to discuss the downgrade to a smaller quota size.**
```
